Activity 1
= We will give import the libraries and loading and displaying image as boilerplate
= Teacher will talk about today's class agenda
= She will explain the what is yolo model and CNN 
= Teacher will give the demo to configure and download the yolo model
= Teache will help the student to create the yolo network
= Teacher will explain why blob need to create before object detection
= Teacher will pass blob as input to yolo network
= Teacher will get the unconnected layers from netwrok and forward the unconnected layers to the same network

Notes : 
Blob it’s used to extract feature from the image and to resize them. YOLO accepts three sizes:

320×320 it’s small so less accuracy but better speed
609×609 it’s bigger so high accuracy and slow speed
416×416 it’s in the middle and you get a bit of both.


What Acheives : 
The layerOutputs is the result of the detection. 
layerOutputs is an array that conains all the informations about objects detected, their position and the confidence about the detection.


Activity 2 
= At this point the detection is done, and we only need to show the result on the screen.
  We then loop trough the layerOutputs array, we calculate the confidence and we choose a confidence threshold.
= Teacher will get the dimensions of the image ( H and W )
Note :
we set a threshold confidence of 0.5, if it’s greater we consider the object correctly detected, otherwise we skip it.
The threshold goes from 0 to 1. 
The closer to 1 the greater is the accuracy of the detection, while the closer to 0 the less is the accuracy but also it’s greater the number of the objects detected.





Activity 3 
= When we perform the detection, it happens that we have more boxes for the same object, so we should use another function to remove this “noise”.
It’s called Non maximum suppresion.
= Teacher will help the student to split the labels from coco 

We finally extract all the informations and show them on the screen.

Box: contain the coordinates of the rectangle sorrounding the object detected.
Label: it’s the name of the object detected
Confidence: the confidence about the detection from 0 to 1.



Conclusion
This blog has provided an overview of the YOLO algorithm and how it is used in object detection. 
This technique provides improved detection results compared to other object detection techniques such as Fast R-CNN and Retina-Net.







